hey guys so my voice is still not
completely back and I miss doing a vlog
yesterday so more like vlogging
yesterday to upload today so today is
going to be another grocery haul this is
the second part of the grocery how I
hope you guys don't mind but yeah so you
have this and then we have household
things so it came out to about $95 um
but yeah so let's go ahead and get
started we got an 18 pack of eggs some
green leaf lettuce like this kind just
because already pre-cut so it's just
easier to work with some ketchup three
limes some powerade for Christopher work
some of these mandarin oranges some corn
tortillas and some of the low-fat yogurt
and strawberry we also got some chicken
nuggets this is my favorite I love this
the bird's eye voila garlic chicken I
also like the cheesy I think it's the
cheesy chicken this is really good for
like nights where you're just late
running late or it's a busy night and
you just need to make a quick dinner I
really like that some corn on the cob we
got some of these um party pizzas just
for you know whenever and we got a bunch
of these or popsicles for the kids
because they love that and it's so hot
outside some ground beef over here we
have some of these cinnamon squares
cereal the wattles Wild Oats organic
kind some banana nut muffins some of the
Lipton cold brew tea we really like this
time Adalind apple juice some
spaghettios some coffee the nature's own
honey wheat bread and then asked for
household things we got this huge 24
pack of cottonelle and then just this
little thing of napkins we also got some
of chris's body wash I'm used some
shampoo so I'm trying this when I always
have to change on my shampoo because if
not my hair just gets really oily so I'm
trying this one right now some cotton
swabs some trash bags and then two
things of hand soap so yeah
hey is everything we got I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and I will see you
guys tomorrow too I am actually blogging
today so tomorrow you will see a vlog so
I hope you guys enjoyed this and I was
you guys next time bye